Added a short explanation of the difference between zeroshot and guid… (#2238)
MaartenGr/BERTopic: docs/getting_started/guided/guided.md

!!! Note
    Difference between Zero-shot and Guided BERTopic: 
    Guided BERTopic is similar - yet not equivalent - to [Zeros-shot Topic Modeling](https://maartengr.github.io/BERTopic/getting_started/zeroshot/zeroshot.html). 

>     Use Guided BERTopic to boost certain keyword's importance. Use [Zeros-shot Topic Modeling](https://maartengr.github.io/BERTopic/getting_started/zeroshot/zeroshot.html) to try to categorize documents into predefined topics ("zero-shot topics") before the clustering the remaining, unclassified documents, using the default unsupervised BERTopic topic exploration algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use Guided BERTopic to boost the importance of certain keywords. Use [Zeros-shot Topic Modeling](https://maartengr.github.io/BERTopic/getting_started/zeroshot/zeroshot.html) to try to categorize documents into predefined topics ("zero-shot topics") before clustering the remaining unclassified documents using the main algorithm of BERTopic.
```

Reviewer: What I'm missing in the guided approach is that it is not purely focused on increasing a given keyword importance. Due to it's [procedure](https://maartengr.github.io/BERTopic/getting_started/guided/guided.html), it also steers certain documents towards certain clusters. Moreover, guided topic modeling is not primarily meant for increasing a keyword importance. It instead tries to steer documents towards given clusters. The focus here are seed topics, and not seed keywords.

Author: Thank you for the changes and for the suggestion regarding the explanation of the guided approach. I'll have a look at this when time allows.

!!! Note
    Difference between Zero-shot and Guided BERTopic:
    Guided BERTopic is similar - yet not equivalent - to [Zeros-shot Topic Modeling](https://maartengr.github.io/BERTopic/getting_started/zeroshot/zeroshot.html).

>     Use Guided BERTopic to boost the importance of certain keywords. Use [Zeros-shot Topic Modeling](https://maartengr.github.io/BERTopic/getting_started/zeroshot/zeroshot.html) to try to categorize documents into predefined topics ("zero-shot topics") before clustering the remaining unclassified documents using the main algorithm of BERTopic.

Reviewer: I feel like we have to further specify that Guided BERTopic is not primarily used to boost the importance of certain keywords but to guide clusters more towards predefined seed topics. That would make it a bit more clear that we do not focus on the importance of certain keywords (that's more of an side-effect).
